docs/networking.md, before:

# Networking (Wi‑Fi + mDNS + HTTP)

This project includes an **experimental** networking feature (`net_http`) that enables:

- Wi‑Fi STA (DHCP by default; optional static IPv4)
- mDNS hostname resolution: `http://<hostname>.local/`
- mDNS HTTP service discovery: `_http._tcp.local`
- Minimal HTTP server: `GET /` → `Hello World`

## Build & flash

Networking is behind a Cargo feature gate, and requires compile-time config injection:

1) Create a local `.env` (do not commit):

```sh
USB_HUB_WIFI_SSID=your_ssid
USB_HUB_WIFI_PSK=your_psk

# Optional
USB_HUB_WIFI_HOSTNAME=isolapurr-usb-hub-dev
USB_HUB_WIFI_STATIC_IP=192.168.1.42
USB_HUB_WIFI_NETMASK=255.255.255.0
USB_HUB_WIFI_GATEWAY=192.168.1.1
USB_HUB_WIFI_DNS=192.168.1.1
```

2) Build with networking enabled:

```sh
cargo build --release --features net_http
```

3) Flash via `mcu-agentd` (uses the already-built ELF):

```sh
mcu-agentd flash usb_hub
mcu-agentd monitor usb_hub --reset
```

## Hostname rule

- If `USB_HUB_WIFI_HOSTNAME` is set, it is used as the hostname (sanitized to lowercase `[a-z0-9-]`).
- Otherwise, hostname is derived from the MAC:
  - `short_id = hex(mac[3..6])` (6 chars, lowercase)
  - `hostname = isolapurr-usb-hub-<short_id>`
  - `fqdn = <hostname>.local`

## UI fallback (IP display)

Hold **both** buttons (left + right) for **≥ 3 seconds** to show:

- hostname (split across 2 lines)
- IPv4, or `NO IP` when not connected

## Verification & troubleshooting

### macOS

- Resolve hostname:
  - `ping <hostname>.local`
  - `dns-sd -G v4 <hostname>.local`
- Browse HTTP services:
  - `dns-sd -B _http._tcp`
- Request:
  - `curl http://<hostname>.local/`

### Linux (Avahi)

- Resolve hostname:
  - `getent hosts <hostname>.local`
- Browse HTTP services:
  - `avahi-browse -art |_http._tcp`
- Request:
  - `curl http://<hostname>.local/`

## Known limitations

- IPv4 only (no IPv6 / mDNS over IPv6 yet).
- No provisioning flow (SSID/PSK are compile-time injected via `.env` or environment variables).

Commit message:

docs: update net overlay gesture and wording
Signed-off-by: Ivan Li <ivanli2048@gmail.com>

docs/networking.md, after:

# Networking (Wi‑Fi + mDNS + HTTP)

This project includes an **experimental** networking feature (`net_http`) that enables:

- Wi‑Fi STA (DHCP by default; optional static IPv4)
- mDNS hostname resolution: `http://<hostname>.local/`
- mDNS HTTP service discovery: `_http._tcp.local`
- Minimal HTTP server: `GET /` → `Hello World`

## Build & flash

Networking is behind a Cargo feature gate, and requires compile-time config injection:

1) Create a local `.env` (do not commit):

```sh
USB_HUB_WIFI_SSID=your_ssid
USB_HUB_WIFI_PSK=your_psk

# Optional
USB_HUB_WIFI_HOSTNAME=isolapurr-usb-hub-dev
USB_HUB_WIFI_STATIC_IP=192.168.1.42
USB_HUB_WIFI_NETMASK=255.255.255.0
USB_HUB_WIFI_GATEWAY=192.168.1.1
USB_HUB_WIFI_DNS=192.168.1.1
```

2) Build with networking enabled:

```sh
cargo build --release --features net_http
```

3) Flash via `mcu-agentd` (uses the already-built ELF):

```sh
mcu-agentd flash usb_hub
mcu-agentd monitor usb_hub --reset
```

## Hostname rule

- If `USB_HUB_WIFI_HOSTNAME` is set, it is used as the hostname (sanitized to lowercase `[a-z0-9-]`).
- Otherwise, hostname is derived from the MAC:
  - `short_id = hex(mac[3..6])` (6 chars, lowercase)
  - `hostname = isolapurr-usb-hub-<short_id>`
  - `fqdn = <hostname>.local`

## UI fallback (IP display)

Hold **both** buttons (left + right) for **1–3 seconds**, then **release**, to show:

- `ID <SHORTID>` (derived from MAC; shown in uppercase hex)
- IPv4 (may be split across 2 lines), or `NO IP` when not connected
- Holding **> 3 seconds** is treated as invalid and does nothing.

Note: the toast overlay uses a tiny fixed font with limited glyph coverage, so it intentionally avoids rendering the hostname (would show `?`).

## Verification & troubleshooting

### macOS

- Resolve hostname:
  - `ping <hostname>.local`
  - `dns-sd -G v4 <hostname>.local`
- Browse HTTP services:
  - `dns-sd -B _http._tcp`
- Request:
  - `curl http://<hostname>.local/`

### Linux (Avahi)

- Resolve hostname:
  - `getent hosts <hostname>.local`
- Browse HTTP services:
  - `avahi-browse -art |_http._tcp`
- Request:
  - `curl http://<hostname>.local/`

## Known limitations

- IPv4 only (no IPv6 / mDNS over IPv6 yet).
- No provisioning flow (SSID/PSK are compile-time injected via `.env` or environment variables).
